Support for zBuilder (#72)
IBM/dbb-git-migration-modeler: docs/03-Configuration.md

Only artifacts of types `Program` or `Include File` will be included in the analysis.
It is recommended to keep the current settings defined in the provided [Repository Paths Mapping file](../samples/repositoryPathsMapping.yaml) for the `artifactsType` property.

> 3. The [Types file](../samples/types.yaml) (YAML format) lists the dataset members and their associated type (like a language definition), as typically described in the legacy SCM tool. This YAML file is optional, and should be built with an SCM-provided utility or from an SCM-provided report. Types mapping are meant to be used only for programs or artifacts that require a build process, not for Includes Files.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The [Types mapping file](../samples/typesMapping.yaml) (YAML format) lists the dataset members and their associated type (like a language definition), as typically described in the legacy SCM tool. This YAML file is optional, and should be built with an SCM-provided utility or from an SCM-provided report. Types mapping are meant to be used only for programs or artifacts that require a build process, not for Includes Files.  
```

## Generating properties

Each artifact is assigned with one single type, that designates a known configuration in the legacy SCM tool.

For instance, the [Types Mapping file](../samples/types.yaml) could contain the following lines:
~~~~YAML
## List of datasets members to which types are assigned
datasetMembers:
    - datasetMember: "DBEHM.MIG.COBOL(LGACDB01)"
      ## For each dataset member, a single type is assigned
      type: "CBLCICSDB2"
      ## Properties can also be specified to describe file-level overrides
      ## These overrides are not yet used in the processing
      properties:
          - name: "COBPARM"
            value: "AMODE(31)"
    - datasetMember: "DBEHM.MIG.COBOL(LGACDB02)"
      type: "CBLDB2"
      properties:
          - name: "COBPARM"
            value: "AMODE(31)"
    - datasetMember: "DBEHM.MIG.COBOL(LGACUS01)"
      type: "CBLCICS"
      properties:
          - name: "COBPARM"
            value: "AMODE(31)"
~~~~

> Where *CBLCICSDB2*, *CBLDB2* and *CBLCICS* represent configurations with specific properties. These types should be defined in the [Types Configurations file](../samples/typesConfigurations.yaml) accordingly, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where *CBLCICSDB2*, *CBLDB2* and *CBLCICS* represent configurations with specific properties. These need to be defined in the [Types Configurations file](../samples/typesConfigurations.yaml) accordingly, for instance:
```
